---
title: "United We Stand, Even though Only I Fell"
author: Bhavy Khatri
date: 2022-05-09 19:40:00 +0800
categories: [Life]
tags: [personal]
---

I got sprained ankle while I was jumping in sky zone trampoline park, Hyderabad. There was a game where you have to take a bigger jump from trampoline and land on a big spongy mat. The mistake I did was that I didn't waited few times for higher jumps instead pre-maturely jumped on the other side, in the process my ankle got badly twisted. I was on the spongy mat side of arena where stability was very less since it was all airy. By having support from one of my friends from the trampoline side, I was able to come to the hardened surface and out of spongy and jumpy terrain. Well that could be called as the easiest challenge to deal with because ahead lied the most hardest and agonizing experience ahead. 

Soon after that pain start showing up, initial signs of swelling were also visible. Sky zone employees handed us move spray and ice pack to supress the pain but even after 10 minutes that was not effective. Apart from the physical pain, I was continuously having a feeling of horrible guilt that along with me I have ruined the fun experience of 4 other people only due to me. The worst part that in our 1 hour long session having 9 activities in total we were at our 3rd only when this unfortunate incident happened. I also suggested them that they continue playing and having fun as the sprain is not much and it will be manageable. But my face was telling a story which was totally different that I was telling. I wasn't able to hide the pain I was having. I was litterally sweating and breathing heavily like I have just come out of swimming pool after completing a race. One of my friend let's call him Friend N said this "How can we enjoy and have fun if you are in pain". All of them after analysing the situation said in unison that they won't continue with the activities. And here goes the saying "United we stand, although only I fell".

Well to be more honest and precise only I was sitting, and rest were standing, and the more suitable title would be "Everyone stood with me after I fell" but well that would have been more boring and less attention seeking compared to the current title which is an alteration of the famous saying.  At this point my pain was increasing at a fast pace and it completely overshadowed my guilt feeling as well. For few seconds, I wasn't even aware of what is happening around me. Although, I was totally conscious but my whole focus was on pain. As it was clearly visible from my face and behavior that I was having a severe pain, one friend did said this to me "If anyone else would have been in your place, he would have cried". I don't know whether he was truthful or just because he felt like I wanted to cry but I am not crying due to how people perceive me. To be honest, all I cared at that point was to ease the pain, if crying would have helped I would have cried but I am not sure whether crying do decrease the pain or not. 
